c:\users\siraj.hussain\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CRM\CRM\bin\CRM.dll
c:\users\siraj.hussain\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CRM\CRM\bin\CRM.pdb
c:\users\siraj.hussain\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CRM\CRM\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\siraj.hussain\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CRM\CRM\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\siraj.hussain\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CRM\CRM\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\siraj.hussain\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CRM\CRM\bin\Microsoft.Web.Mvc.FixedDisplayModes.dll
c:\users\siraj.hussain\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CRM\CRM\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\siraj.hussain\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CRM\CRM\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\siraj.hussain\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CRM\CRM\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\siraj.hussain\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CRM\CRM\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
c:\users\siraj.hussain\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CRM\CRM\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\siraj.hussain\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CRM\CRM\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\siraj.hussain\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CRM\CRM\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\siraj.hussain\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CRM\CRM\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\siraj.hussain\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CRM\CRM\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\siraj.hussain\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CRM\CRM\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\siraj.hussain\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CRM\CRM\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\siraj.hussain\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CRM\CRM\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\siraj.hussain\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CRM\CRM\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\siraj.hussain\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CRM\CRM\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\siraj.hussain\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CRM\CRM\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\siraj.hussain\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CRM\CRM\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\siraj.hussain\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CRM\CRM\obj\Debug\CRM.dll
c:\users\siraj.hussain\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CRM\CRM\obj\Debug\CRM.pdb
D:\Projects\CRM\CRM\CRM\bin\CRM.dll
D:\Projects\CRM\CRM\CRM\bin\CRM.pdb
D:\Projects\CRM\CRM\CRM\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
D:\Projects\CRM\CRM\CRM\bin\EntityFramework.dll
D:\Projects\CRM\CRM\CRM\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
D:\Projects\CRM\CRM\CRM\bin\Microsoft.Web.Mvc.FixedDisplayModes.dll
D:\Projects\CRM\CRM\CRM\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
D:\Projects\CRM\CRM\CRM\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
D:\Projects\CRM\CRM\CRM\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
D:\Projects\CRM\CRM\CRM\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
D:\Projects\CRM\CRM\CRM\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
D:\Projects\CRM\CRM\CRM\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
D:\Projects\CRM\CRM\CRM\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
D:\Projects\CRM\CRM\CRM\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
D:\Projects\CRM\CRM\CRM\bin\WebGrease.dll
D:\Projects\CRM\CRM\CRM\bin\EntityFramework.xml
D:\Projects\CRM\CRM\CRM\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
D:\Projects\CRM\CRM\CRM\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
D:\Projects\CRM\CRM\CRM\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
D:\Projects\CRM\CRM\CRM\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
D:\Projects\CRM\CRM\CRM\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
D:\Projects\CRM\CRM\CRM\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
D:\Projects\CRM\CRM\CRM\obj\Debug\CRM.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
D:\Projects\CRM\CRM\CRM\obj\Debug\CRM.dll
D:\Projects\CRM\CRM\CRM\obj\Debug\CRM.pdb
